It's exactly the same as the silver needle I usually use.
It seems that the hands are human
I want to bury this on you too
There is no trace of anyone coming or going around
Looks like they're the only ones left
Wait, go by yourself.
Tianyi, how are you?
Those people just now were me, it's okay, zero one.
This is the prescription I wrote
See if it works.
Oops, this prescription is so good
The patient is saved.
The heavenly doctor is indeed the heavenly doctor
It's good to save people
It's a pity that something happened
Someone suspects that I killed Fangyi Girl
Want me to go back immediately
I wanted to refine this prescription
Reduce sequelae
It's a pity
No time.